(soothing music)
♪ The Arizona sky ♪
♪ The sky is bigger there ♪
♪ It took my breath away ♪
♪ That doesn't happen every day ♪
♪ Manhattan's music, man ♪
♪ On every avenue ♪
♪ You've heard no greater sound ♪
♪ Too much can get you down ♪
♪ Decorate, paint it for the union ♪
♪ No reason to give up on the illusion ♪
♪ Take confident possession of yourself ♪
♪ Venice is sinking fast ♪
♪ Looks almost upside down ♪
♪ Under a spell we fell ♪
♪ There's more, too much to tell ♪
♪ Decorate, paint it for the union ♪
♪ No reason to give up on the illusion ♪
♪ Take confident possession of yourself ♪
♪ Uptown in Paraguay ♪
♪ Beneath Chicago moon ♪
♪ Spend every dollar saved ♪
♪ As much as we have made ♪
♪ Decorate, paint it for the union ♪
♪ No reason to give up on the illusion ♪
♪ Take confident possession of yourself ♪
♪ Decorate, paint it for the union ♪
♪ No reason to give up on the illusion ♪
♪ Take confident possession of yourself ♪